[docs] Box & system cleanup (#22962)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/system/basics/basics.md

- [spacing](/system/spacing/#api)
- [typography](/system/typography/#api)

If you are already using `@material-ui/core`, you can use the [Box component](/components/box/) (using emotion internally by default):

```jsx
import Box from '@material-ui/core/Box';
```

## Interoperability

> `@material-ui/system` works with most CSS-in-JS libraries, including JSS, styled-components, and emotion. Here are hew examples usages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@material-ui/system` works with most CSS-in-JS libraries, including JSS, styled-components, and emotion. Here are a few examples usages.
```
